Document Network panel resend features (#3914)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools/network/reference.md

   In the **Network** tool's **Requests** table, a `data.json` row is added.  The **Initiator** column reads `script.js:20`.

1. In the **Requests** table, right-click the `data.json` request, and then select **Resend**.

   Or, select the request, and then press **R**.

   In the **Network** tool's **Requests** table, a second `data.json` row is added.  The **Initiator** column reads **Other**:

   ![The resent XHR request in the Requests table](./reference-images/selecting-replay-xhr.png)

For information about initiators, see:
* [Display initiators and dependencies](#display-initiators-and-dependencies), below.
* [Log network activity](./index.md#log-network-activity) in _Inspect network activity_.

DevTools resends XHR requests as XHR.  DevTools converts other supported request types to Fetch requests before sending them.

> After you click the demo's **Send an XHR request** button (which causes JavaScript to send a request), the **Copy stack trace** menuitem appears in the right-click > **Copy** menu for requests.  See [Copy network requests to the clipboard](#copy-network-requests-to-the-clipboard), below.

Reviewer: Should **Send an XHR request** be edited to reflect the new **resend** context menu item?

Nit: menuitem -> menu item?

Reviewer 2: "menu item" per corp style
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/m/menu-item

Author: *Send an XHR request* here is referring to the demo site and not the entry point in DevTools so I won't change that. Updated menuitem -> menu item.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Edit and resend a request as a fetch call

> Use the **Edit and resend as fetch** command to copy a network request as a `fetch()` call into the **Console** tool, where you can modify and send it:

Reviewer: This wording may likely confuse the user if they should do the "copying". Something like the below may be clearer:
"Use the **Edit and resend as fetch** command to edit a network request before resending it. This command causes DevTools to copy the network request as a `fetch()` call....."

> Use the **Edit and resend as fetch** command to copy a network request as a `fetch()` call into the **Console** tool, where you can modify and send it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the **Edit and resend as fetch** command to edit a network request before resending it.  This command causes DevTools to copy the network request as a fetch() call in the **Console** tool, where you can modify and send it:
```
this Suggested Change comment attempts to give exact Markdown tagging that implements the comment from @sulekhark, by first clicking the **Add a suggestion** [+/-] button

The command is available for XHR, Fetch, document, JavaScript, CSS, image, media, font, WebAssembly, manifest, text track, source map, prefetch, and ping requests.

Unlike the **Resend** command, which resends an XHR request as XHR, **Edit and resend as fetch** converts XHR and all other supported request types to `fetch()` calls.

The optional **Execution context** column in the **Requests** table shows the execution context from which each request was sent.

1. In the **Network** tool's **Requests** table, right-click the request that you want to modify, and then select **Edit and resend as fetch**.

   The **Console** tool opens in the **Drawer**.  An editable `fetch()` call that reproduces the request is added to the Console prompt.  The generated code includes comments that identify the original request and its execution context.  A message above the generated code links to the original request in the **Network** tool.

   > [!NOTE]
   > Only one request can be pending in the Console prompt at a time.  If you select **Edit and resend as fetch** for another request, the new `fetch()` call replaces the current Console prompt without displaying a warning.

> 1. If the generated comment directs you to select an execution context, use the execution context dropdown list in the **Console** toolbar to select the original context.

Reviewer: "...to select the original context." could be reworded to
"... to select the context in which the network request is resent as fetch." for more accuracy.

1. Modify the URL, method, headers, or body in the generated `fetch()` call.

>    Some request headers that a `fetch()` call isn't allowed to set are preserved as comments.

Reviewer: "... are preserved as comments." could be reworded to 
".... are preserved as informational comments."?
